Copyright 2009

Name:           TangoRGB
Author:         Pete
Date:           Saturday Aug. 08, 2009

This style is licensed under The FreeBSD Documentation License. The license
can be found here: http://www.freebsd.org/copyright/freebsd-doc-license.html


!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   FONTS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   

menu.title.font: Verdana-10:bold
menu.frame.font: Verdana-10:bold
window.font: Verdana-10:bold
toolbar.clock.font: Verdana-10:bold
toolbar.workspace.font: Verdana-10:bold
toolbar.iconbar.focused.font: Verdana-10:bold
toolbar.iconbar.unfocused.font: Verdana-10:bold

!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   WINDOW OPTIONS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   


window.bevelWidth:              2
window.borderColor:             black
window.borderWidth:             1
window.button.focus: flat
window.button.focus.color:  #204a87
window.button.focus.colorTo: #204a87
window.button.focus.picColor:   black
window.button.pressed: flat
window.button.pressed.color:  black
window.button.pressed.colorTo: black
window.button.unfocus:          flat
window.button.unfocus.color:    #204a87
window.button.unfocus.colorTo:  #204a87
window.button.unfocus.picColor: black 
window.frame.focusColor:        #204a87
window.frame.unfocusColor:      #204a87
window.grip.focus: flat
window.grip.focus.color:  #204a87
window.grip.focus.colorTo: #204a87
window.grip.unfocus: flat
window.grip.unfocus.color:  #204a87
window.grip.unfocus.colorTo: #204a87
window.handle.focus:            flat
window.handle.focus.color:      black
window.handle.focus.colorTo:    black
window.handle.unfocus:          flat
window.handle.unfocus.color:    black
window.handle.unfocus.colorTo:  black
window.handleWidth:             1
window.justify:                 Center
window.label.active:            flat
window.label.active.textColor:  black  
window.label.focus:             flat
window.label.focus.color:       #204a87
window.label.focus.colorTo:     #204a87
window.label.unfocus:           flat
window.label.unfocus.color:     black
window.label.unfocus.colorTo:   black
window.label.focus.textColor: black
window.label.unfocus.textColor: #204a87
window.roundCorners:            TopRight TopLeft BottomRight BottomLeft
window.title.focus:             flat
window.title.focus.color:       black
window.title.focus.colorTo:     black
window.title.height:            <integer>
window.title.unfocus:           flat
window.title.unfocus.color:     black
window.title.unfocus.colorTo:   black

!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   MENU OPTIONS :!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   

menu.bevelWidth:                2
menu.borderColor:               #204a87
menu.borderWidth:               1
menu.bullet:                    triangle
menu.bullet.position:           right
menu.frame:                     solid
menu.frame.color:               black
menu.frame.colorTo:             black
menu.frame.disableColor:        #73D216
menu.frame.justify:             Left
menu.frame.textColor:           #cc0000
menu.hilite:                    solid
menu.hilite.color:              #cc0000
menu.hilite.colorTo:            #cc0000
menu.hilite.textColor:          black
menu.itemHeight:                <integer>
menu.title:                     solid
menu.title.color:               black
menu.title.colorTo:             black
menu.title.textColor:           #73D216
menu.title.justify:             Left
menu.titleHeight:               <integer>
menu.roundCorners:              TopRight TopLeft BottomRight BottomLeft

!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   BACKGROUND !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   

background: gradient
!background.pixmap: <file or directory>
background.color: black
background.colorTo: #204a87
background.modX: 10
background.modY: 10

!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   SLIT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   

slit: flat
slit.bevelWidth: 1
slit.borderColor: #204a87
slit.borderWidth:               1
slit.color:                     #204a87
slit.colorTo:                   #204a87

!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   TOOLBAR OPTIONS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   

toolbar: flat
toolbar.bevelWidth:             1
toolbar.borderColor:            #204a87 
toolbar.borderWidth:            1
toolbar.button.scale:           <integer>
toolbar.color:  #204a87
toolbar.colorTo: #204a87
toolbar.clock: flat
toolbar.clock.borderColor:      black
toolbar.clock.borderWidth:      1
toolbar.clock.justify:          Left
toolbar.clock.color:  #204a87
toolbar.clock.colorTo: #204a87
toolbar.clock.textColor:       	black 
toolbar.height:                 <integer>
toolbar.iconbar.focused: flat
toolbar.iconbar.focused.color:  #204a87
toolbar.iconbar.focused.colorTo: #204a87
toolbar.iconbar.unfocused: flat
toolbar.iconbar.unfocused.color:  black
toolbar.iconbar.unfocused.colorTo: black
toolbar.iconbar.empty: flat
toolbar.iconbar.empty.color:  black
toolbar.iconbar.empty.colorTo: black
toolbar.iconbar.focused.borderColor: #204A87
toolbar.iconbar.focused.borderWidth:    1
toolbar.iconbar.unfocused.borderColor: #204A87
toolbar.iconbar.unfocused.borderWidth:  1
toolbar.iconbar.borderColor: #204a87
toolbar.iconbar.borderWidth:            1
toolbar.iconbar.focused.justify:        Left
toolbar.iconbar.focused.textColor: black
toolbar.iconbar.unfocused.justify:      Left
toolbar.iconbar.unfocused.textColor: #204A87
toolbar.shaped:                 true
toolbar.workspace.justify:      Left
toolbar.workspace.textColor:    black
toolbar.workspace:              flat
toolbar.workspace.borderColor:  black
toolbar.workspace.borderWidth:  1
toolbar.workspace.color:        #204a87
toolbar.workspace.colorTo:      #204a87
